if outside people's plantation and I
have been working on books about art and
cultural history for more than twenty
years also in connection with religion
after 32 books that my friend Ark embed
notes the photographer and I created
together our sacra is probably our
magnum opus our sacra Diaz with
Christian art and architecture from the
early Christian beginnings around the
Year 300 to the present day the work is
structured chronologically following
arty pox as this chronological guide was
the best possibility to structure and
suit the immense amount of material and
to produce an ecclesiastical art history
that did not previously exist in that
form we traveled through the epochs in a
certain way of course each epoch of his
sculpture painting and architecture
however each epoch also has something
special we concentrated on highlighting
the special features of each epoch also
due to a lack of space in the Romanesque
epoch we considered French or Spanish
Romanesque sculpture to be particularly
suitable for great images of the
Romanesque we also showed reminisce
churches but sculpture played a special
main role in the Romanesque in the
Gothic times it is of course the
Magnificent cathedrals of the French and
the English that are in the foreground
the Renaissance sees painting and
specifically panel painting boosted by
major names primarily in Florence but
also in northern Europe
Bruges and other areas for present times
it is stained glass obviously there were
stained glass in Gothic cathedrals
but 20th century stained glass is
something very special and unusual
seemed to be the right thing to
emphasize for the 20th century you can
what the photographer has achieved here
really needs to be appreciated he
traveled 150,000 kilometers through
Europe during the past few years to take
an incredible number of new pictures
what's really special is that he did not
just take all those pictures but also
focused on numerous details that a norm
of you would never be able to spot this
way we went on a fabulous expedition and
were able to show pictures in our book
about which we had no idea they existed
not even from other publications this
fantastic experience of being able to
see details hardly ever seen before is
what makes this book splendid the
question what is special about this book
should be answered with a zoom principle
we show the entire image of a big panel
or wall painting and then we zoom in
ever closer to the object an example is
Otto Wagner's church of Saint Leopold a
famous or maybe the most famous art
nervo church that we presented in a
special way the first picture is a photo
with the view far from the altar he then
practically stride through the church to
stand in the chancel shown in a close-up
in the second picture larger and more
splendid the third double page spread
shows a detailed picture with angels
from the altar canopy the special
function of the zoom principle can be
further illustrated with another example
the detail of the ceiling fresco in the
Wiis church this ceiling fresco is
magnificent and very rich in figures but
you could not see that part of the
ceiling fresco is a combination of
painting
stucco work that is that some elements
were created three dimensionally if we
had not used the zoom principle another
very important principle we try to take
to heart in this book is the principle
of the double page spread this means we
always attempted to protect and pictures
in a closed context on one double page
spread sometimes two or three in order
to treat each subject individually the
ecclesiastical art history we
concentrated on here is Europe's
contribution to the art of the world it
is what makes the treasure we constantly
refer back to even the artists of the
last century and present times refer
back to Christian tradition and we just
had to really unfold that in this book